W-15816850-dw-formats-27-dm (#325)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-formats-flatfile.adoc

|`recordParsing`  |`String`|`'strict'`|Specifies the expected type of separation between lines or records:

* `strict`: Line break is expected at exact end of each record. `strict` is the default.

> * `lenient`: Line break is used, but records can be shorter or longer than the schema specifies. Do not use `lenient` if your payload lacks line breaks. The other options to `recordParsing` support records that lack line breaks.

Author: ```suggestion
* `lenient`: Line break is used, but records can be shorter or longer than the schema specifies. Don't use `lenient` if your payload lacks line breaks. The other options to `recordParsing` support records that lack line breaks.
```

Reviewer: this stuff will also need to be updated in the source; maybe the devs can help if necessary, or let me know, and I'll help

Author: Totally! After they approve this PR, I'll update the source.

|`truncateDependingOn`  |`Boolean`|`false`|For COBOL copybook, truncates DEPENDING ON values to the length used.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.

> |`useMissCharAsDefaultForFill`  |`Boolean`|`false`|By default, the flat file reader and writer use spaces for missing characters and ignore the setting of the `missingValues` property. When you set this property to `true`, DataWeave honors the setting of the `missingValues property`. Introduced in DataWeave 4.3 (2.3.0-20210823) for the September 2021 release of Mule 4.3.0-20210823.

Author: ```suggestion
|`useMissCharAsDefaultForFill`  |`Boolean`|`false`|By default, the flat file reader and writer use spaces for missing characters and ignore the setting of the `missingValues` property. When you set this property to `true`, DataWeave honors the setting of the `missingValues property`. Introduced in DataWeave 2.3 (2.3.0-20210823) for the September 2021 release of Mule 4.3.0-20210823.
```

|`notTruncateDependingOnSubjectNotPresent`  |`Boolean`|`false`|Fills the entire group when the DEPENDING ON subject is not present.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.
|`recordTerminator`  |`String`|`null`|Line break for a record separator. DataWeave uses this property as a separator only when there are multiple records. Values translate directly to character codes, and `none` leaves no termination on each record.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

|`truncateDependingOn`  |`Boolean`|`false`|For COBOL copybook, truncates DEPENDING ON values to the length used.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.

> |`useMissCharAsDefaultForFill`  |`Boolean`|`false`|By default, the flat file reader and writer use spaces for missing characters and ignore the setting of the `missingValues` property. When you set this property to `true`, DataWeave honors the setting of the `missingValues property`. Introduced in DataWeave 4.3 (2.3.0-20210823) for the September 2021 release of Mule 4.3.0-20210823.

Author: ```suggestion
|`useMissCharAsDefaultForFill`  |`Boolean`|`false`|By default, the flat file reader and writer use spaces for missing characters and ignore the setting of the `missingValues` property. When you set this property to `true`, DataWeave honors the setting of the `missingValues property`. Introduced in DataWeave 2.3 (2.3.0-20210823) for the September 2021 release of Mule 4.3.0-20210823.
```
